Update instructions for Help Scout (#284)
niteoweb/handbook: 4_Marketing-Support/support.md

# Handling Support Requests

> Email support is managed by [Help Scout](https://www.helpscout.com/), a customer messaging platform that supports multiple channels. Support requests are sent via our contact forms, directly to support email address, in-app webhooks, social media pages (Facebook and Twitter), and through Help Scout Beacons (live chat).

Reviewer: No social media pages afaik?

Author: Right now no. I'll remove that.

Help Scout has confirmed they are working on that now (they interviewed me how we use social media for support).

## Live Chat Support

> Help Scout Beacons are added on our sales pages and in-app. This makes it easier for customers to contact us for issues, requests or sales questions. Since we're supporting multiple projects, make sure to toggle the custom availability by mailbox on first log in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Help Scout Beacons are added on our sales pages and in-app. This makes it easier for customers to contact us for issues, requests or sales questions. Since we're supporting multiple projects, make sure to toggle your custom availability by mailbox on first login in the top right menu.
```
